                   User-Visible afs-admin-tools Changes

afs-admin-tools 2.6 (2024-07-25)

    * volcreate POD updates
    * Updates to afs-mkmove-r* scripts
      - Address warnings caused by using bare words to identify
        IO handles.
      - Updates to file header describe the script.
      - Update copyright and license information.
      - Add "use warnings"
    * Restrict strict tests to perl scripts directory
    * Code cleanup
    * perltidy updates to scripts
    * Make sure the Auristor detection executes only after the
      help display.  This allows help to be run on systems without
      AFS installed.

afs-admin-tools 2.5 (2024-07-17)

    Bug fix release.
    
afs-admin-tools 2.4 (2021-12-24)

    Correct egregious bug in mvto.
    
afs-admin-tools 2.3 (2020-06-21)

    This version exists only to ensure that the version in the Debian
    branch matches the version in the master branch of the source
    repository.
    
afs-admin-tools 2.2 (2018-12-29)

    Update scripts to support Auristor as well as AFS.  Re-format
    scripts to follow Perl standards used by the Infrastructure
    Delivery Group at Stanford.

    Allow the quota units to be specified in creating volumes with
    volcreate.

    Add --human switch to partinfo to display quotas in human readable
    form.

    Allow command line arguments to be specified as switches in
    volcreate.  The original positional behavior is preserved.
    
afs-admin-tools 2.1 (unreleased)

    Add a new -A option to mvto, which uses -localauth for all vos
    commands so that there's no risk of tokens expiring.  This requires
    running mvto as root on a system with access to the AFS KeyFile.
    Based on work by Niklas Edmundsson.

afs-admin-tools 2.0 (2013-01-15)

    Initial tarball release, based on frak 1.34, fsr 1.14, lsmounts 1.8,
    mvto 1.17, partinfo 1.3, volcreate 1.26, volcreate-logs 1.22, and
    volnuke 1.15.

    All utilities now load /etc/afs-admin-tools/config if it exists and
    honor configuration variables set there.  All utilities now document
    their supported configuration variables.

    Look for AFS utilities on the user's PATH by default, except for vos
    where /usr/local/sbin and /usr/sbin are checked first (since those
    directories may not be on the PATH).

    volcreate no longer requires mount points begin with the
    Stanford-specific path prefix.  Instead, a new configuration variable,
    $VOLCREATE_MOUNT_PREFIX, can be set in the configuration file to
    require mount point paths begin with that prefix.  If the prefix
    requires read/write paths and the read-only path is given, it will be
    converted automatically rather than failing.

    volcreate no longer runs loadmtpt by default.  To enable loadmtpt
    support, set $LOADMTPT in the configuration file to the path to the
    loadmtpt utility.  Checking of the mount point prefix is only done if
    loadmtpt support is enabled, since otherwise it doesn't matter how the
    mount point path is designated.

    Remove support for Kerberos v4 authentication in volcreate-logs.  This
    only applies to the -k option, not to use of pre-existing credentials.
